Now after successful authentication,
you might need to perform some tasks like send out an email to the
user to notify them of an authentication event.
Now this could give them a heads up if any unauthorized access is taking place,
and you can achieve this by using an authentication success handler. Just create
a class that implements the authentication success handler interface and
override the OnAuthenticationSuccess method.
Now here, you have access to the request, the response object, and
the authentication object to perform any tasks you require as post
successful authentication of a user. Once created, we add it via
the form builder method.
So now when our authentication is successful, our authentication handler will be executed.